you can ask the internship coordinator right now. I believe that position
is held by Dr Joanne Stows, Um, but you can always just ask at the
psychology department office and they'll tell you who's who's in
charge of it. And they usually have a list of possible internships and
these air like sites that we've worked with before. Also, though,
you confined your own internship site or person that you're gonna be
working with, and they can fill out some paperwork and become an official
internship site, and then you can work with them. So you could
either look from kind of like a pre approved list or you could go
out and find your own internship site.